Captain Hero, narrating:
WEDNESDAY MORNING
WAS GUYS NIGHT.
SO WE WERE PLAYING
OUR FAVORITE DRINKING GAME.
WE WATCH "DRAWN TOGETHER,"
AND WHENEVER
ANYTHING GAY HAPPENS,
WE ALL TAKE A SHOT.
[SNIFFS]
GAY! DRINK!
OH. IT'S ALREADY OVER?
BUT I'M BARELY DRUNK.
BLECCH!
SO WHAT SHOULD WE DO NOW?
LET'S SHAVE
LING-LING'S EYEBROWS.
YEAH! [BLEEP] EYEBROWS!
BLECCH!
[SHOUTING]
[PANTING]
XANDIR?
GUYS,
HE'S DEAD!
OH!
WHAT SHOULD
WE DO?
LET'S GET
SOME MORE BEER!
YEAH!
All: ♪ LIKE MAKING
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE ♪
♪ I FEEL LIKE MAKING LOVE ♪
[SCATTING]
TAKE IT HERO!
♪ FEEL LIKE
MAKING LOVE TO YOU ♪
AAH!
[SCREECHING]
OH, MY GOD.
WE HIT SOMEONE
BECAUSE WE WERE
DRINKING AND DRIVING.
[DING]
♪ THE MORE YOU OW ♪
I'LL CHECK IT OUT.
HERE, TAKE THIS.
[GASP]
WE RAN OVER
A HOMELESS GUY.
SO, YOU GUYS LIKE...
[GIBBERISH]
HOW DID YOU HEAR
ABOUT THE PARTY?
WE HAVE TO
CALL THE COPS!
I WON'T GO BACK
TO REHAB.
I CAN'T GO BACK.
[YELLING]
I GUESS WE SHOULD
TAKE HIM BACK TO THE HOUSE
AND NURSE HIM
BACK TO HEALTH.
OH, DON'T WORRY, BUDDY.
WE'RE GONNA TAKE
GOOD CARE OF YOU.
♪ I FEEL LIKE MAKING
LOVE, LOVE, DA, DA... ♪
[HICCUP]
DAMN. YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
MY NAME IS CHARLOTTE.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
I'M BEAUTIFUL?
WHAT THE [BLEEP]
DID I JUST SAY?
AWW.
NO ONE'S EVER
LOVED ME ENOUGH
TO YELL AT ME BEFORE.
OH, I'LL LOVE YOU
REAL GOOD.
JUST BACK
THAT LITTLE THORAX
RIGHT UP INTO ME.
OH, YEAH.
I KNOW WHAT YOU LIKE.
[SPITTING]
OH, YEAH.
YEAH.
LING-LING, YOU
KILLED XYLOPHONE.
WHO THE HELL
IS LING-LING?
GUYS,
THIS IS SERIOUS.
THIS TIME,
IT WAS XANDIR,
BUT NEXT TIME,
IT COULD BE SOMEONE
WE ACTUALLY
CARE ABOUT.
OH, NO!
LING-LING
AIN'T GONNA KILL...
UH...UH...
EH....
OHH.
WHAT'S HIS NAME?
EH...
LING-LING CAN'T KILL
FUNYUNS, CAN HE?
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
YOU KILLED MY SON XANDIR.
HE WAS A BEAUTIFUL LITTLE BOY,
AND YOU KILLED HIM.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT.
YOU KNEW THERE
WAS A SHARK OUT THERE,
BUT YOU LET PEOPLEGO SWIMMING, .
NOW MY BOY IS DEAD.
I WANTED YOU
TO KNOW THAT.
HEY, LOOK!
THE GUYS ARE GONE!
AHH.
HUH? "SOME PIG"?
MM-HMM.
YOU WERE SOME PIG
LAST NIGHT.
THAT WAS THE HOTTEST
INTERSPECIES SEX
SINCE MATTHEW BRODERICK
NAILED SARAH JESSICA PARKER.
YOU'RE SAYING WE, UH...
8 TIMES! HA HA HA!
SO I WAS THINKING
WE COULD GO TO
MY PARENT'S PLACE
FOR DINNER.
THAT WOULD BE
SO MUCH FUN!
UH...I GOT TO GO.
CALL ME?
EH, YEAH, YEAH.
I GOT YOUR NUMBER.
BUT YOU NEVER EVEN
LOOKED AT IT!
THERE ARE TWO THINGS
SPANKY HAM
DOESN'T FORGET:
PHONE NUMBERS
AND HIS GRANDMOTHER'S
BIRTHDAY.
HERO, IT'S YOUR SHIFT
TO TAKE CARE OF
THE HOMELESS GUY
WE RAN OVER--
BECAUSE WE WERE
DRINKING AND DRIVING.
D'OH! BUT I WAS GONNA
GO MOUNTAIN-CLIMBING.
BESIDES, I'M TERRIFIED
OF HOMELESS PEOPLE,
WITH THEIR OPEN SORES
AND WRINKLY, RANCID
BALL SACKS.
PTUI!
I ALREADY
DRESSED HIS WOUNDS.
I EMPTIED HIS BEDPAN.
I EVEN GAVE HIM
A KIDNEY TRANSPLANT.
[BLEEP] DAMN IT!
THE LEAST YOU CAN DO
IS CHANGE HIS BANDAGES.
AFTER ALL,
WE WERE DRINKING--
OH, FINE!
OH, HO, HO!
YOU GUYS GOT ME
A PRESENT!
PLEASE LET IT BE
A RANDOM HOMELESS BUM.
OH, MY GOD.
THIS ISN'T A RANDOM
HOMELESS BUM.
THIS IS HIM!
MY...ARCHNEMESIS!
THANK YOU FOR
SHARING, LING-LING.
LING-LING MUST FIND
SOURCE OF ANGER.
SOURCE OF HULK ANGER
EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE
GAMMA RADIATION.
LING-LING, WHAT
YOUR GAMMA RADIATION?
"[U CAN'T TOUCH THIS" PLAYING]
[SCATTING]
LING-LING CAN'T TOUCH THIS!
[THWACK]
AAH!
LING-LING, YOU CAN
FORGET ABOUT DANCING.
LIKE EVERY KID
WHO HAS EVER BEEN ADOPTED,
YOU ARE DESTINED TO KILL.
[ROARING]
HULK THINK
LING-LING KNOW
WHAT LING-LING
HAS TO DO NOW.
LING-LING MUST...
NO, DANCE!
UNLESS LING-LING
WANT TO KISS HULK.
RIGHT, RIGHT.
WHY WOULD LING-LING
WANT TO KISS HULK?
ESPECIALLY
WHEN HE LOOKS SO FAT
IN THESE PANTS!
STUPID HULK!
SOMEHOW, FATE HAS DELIVERED
MY ARCHNEMESIS
RIGHT INTO MY LAP.
OH, HE'S MINE TO KILL.
BUT HOW?
BUT...HOW?
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
PULL THE PLUG ON HIM?
HE'S BASICALLY COMATOSE.
COMATOSE LIKE A FOX!
NO, I'LL HAVE TOCOMH
THE PERFECT PLAN.
CHARLOTTE,
FOR THE LAST TIME,
STOP CALLING!
HERO, WHAT THE HELL-
HEY, HERO,
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
GONNA KILL YOUR ARCH--
[GAGGING]
WHAT COMES AFTERASPHYXI-7?
ASPHYXIATE!
[YELLING]
[OBOE PLAYING]
WELL, WELL, WELL.
LING-LING, I HAVE NOT
SEEN YOU SINCE, WHAT,
SIXTH GRADE?
HA HA HA!
YOU STILL WANT TO DANCE,
AND YOU THINK
THESE SHOES WILL HELP?
IF YOU WANT THEM,
YOU'LL HAVE TO DEFEAT
MY NEWEST AND MOST HORRIFIC
BATTLE MONSTER,
POST-PUBESCENT
FRANKIE MUNIZ!
SHRIEKS
YOU WILL NEVER
BE A DANCER!
YOU ARE A KILLER!
HA HA HA!
OH, LOOK.
LING-LING IS GONE.
[YELLING]
Captain Hero, narrating:
THERE I WAS,
SECONDS AWAY FROM DESTROYING
THE MOST EVIL MAN
I HAD EVER KNOWN.
BUT I COULDN'T KILL A MAN
ON HIS DEATHBED.
ARE YOU HERE
TO KILL ME?
NO. NO, MY WORTHY
ADVERSARY.
NOT TODAY.
BUT YOU MUST.
IT IS YOUR SWORN DUTY
AS A SUPERHERO.
YOU SAID "DUTY."
I KNOW.
I--I TOTALLY SAID "DUTY.
[LAUGHING]
I JUST KNEW
IF WE HUNG OUT,
WE'D BE FRIENDS.
REALLY? ME, TOO.
WELL, OLD PAL,
I GUESS MY NEW SWORN DUTY
IS TO NURSE YOU
BACK TO HEALTH.
YOU TOTALLY SAID "DUTY"
AGAIN.
HA HA HA!
WHY IS THAT FUNNY?
SPANKY, I HAD
A REALLY GREAT TIME
WITH YOU.
CAN I COME INSIDE?
IN ABOUT 30 SECONDS,
I WAS GONNA BE
ASKING YOU
THE SAME THING.
OOH, HOW DROLL.
[CHARLOTTE READING WEBS]
HA HA HA!
YOU HAVE
ANOTHER GIRLFRIEND?
AND I THOUGHT
YOU WERE DIFFERENT!
[CRYING]
[BEEP]
HELLO? BOBA FETT?
I GOT A PROBLEM.
HERO,
WILL YOU READ TO ME?
READ TO YOU? HA!
I'D JUST AS SOON KILL
AN INNOCENT WAITRESS
AS SHE WALKED TO HER CAR
AFTER HER SHIFT ENDED
TWO DAYS AGO.
BUT I'M TOO WEAK
TO READ BY MYSELF.
[COUGHS]
OK, FINE.
"I..."
OH, I CAN'T READ!
OK?
THERE, I SAID IT!
I CAN'T READ!
AND NOW YOU'RE AFRAID TO TRY.
[WHIMPERING]
DON'T BE AFRAID ANYMORE,
FOR I AM WITH YOU.
NOW PICK UP THAT BOOK
AND READ!
READ LIKE
YOU'VE NEVER READ BEFORE!
"I N-N-NEVER THOUGHT
IT WOULD H-HAPPEN TO ME."
KEEP GOING,
YES.
"I WHIPPED OUT
MY 7-INCH D-D-D--"
SOUND IT OUT.
[BLEEP]
AND FED IT TO HER
VOLUPTUOUS T-T--"
YOU CAN DO IT!
[BLEEP]
BY THE WAY,
DO YOU WEAR READING GLASSES?
OH, YEAH.
I TOTALLY FORGOT.
"AND THEN WE BOTH
SHOUTED WITH PLEASURE
AND COLLAPSED
IN A SOAKING-WET PUDDLE
OF STICKY DELIGHT!"
I'M ACTUALLY READING!
WOW! I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE GOT THE REAL LING-LING!
AND WE WERE ABOUT
TO GIVE THE PART
TO FRAN DRESCHER.
YOKO ONO, MITSUBISHI.
I HAVE A SMALL PENIS.
[LAUGHING]
AS A FORMALITY, LING-LING,
YOU MIND SHOWING US
SOME OF YOUR MOVES?
♪ THE ITSY-BITSY SPIDER
WENT UP THE WATERSPOUT ♪
♪ DOWN CAME THE RAIN
AND WASHED THE SPIDER OUT ♪
♪ OUT CAME THE SUN
AND DRIED UP ALL THE RAIN ♪
♪ SO THE ITSY-BITSY SPIDER
WENT UP THE SPOUT AGAIN ♪
SWEET MERCIFUL JESUS!
YOU'RE THE WORST DANCER
I'VE EVER SEEN!
LING-LING DREAM, HUH?
OK, KID,
I'LL GIVE YOU A CHANCE.
IT'S A SMALL PART--
JUDGE FUDGE.
THE REAL GUY DROPPED OUT
BECAUSE APPARENTLY
HE WAS FAR TOO BUSY
WITH SOMETHING ELSE.
REGRET?
UNLESS DIRECTING
THIS MUSICAL
CAN GIVE ME MORE AIDS,
I DON'T REGRET
ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
HEY! YOU KNOW WHAT
I DID TODAY?
I TOOK THE RED LINE
ALL THE WAY
ACROSS TOWN--
CAN'T YOU FLY?
I CAN DO ANYTHING
NOW THAT I CAN READ!
WHEN YOU GET BETTER,
WE CAN RIDE THE BUS
TOGETHER
LIKE WE ALWAYS
TALKED ABOUT.
I'M AFRAID THAT'S
NOT GONNA HAPPEN, CHUM.
I ONLY HAVE HOURS...
TO LIVE.
OHH!
WOW! A STAGE SHOW
WITH NO QUARTER SLIDE
OR PLEXIGLAS WINDOW.
MMM, THAT'S CLASS.
HEY, LOOK!
THE GUYS ARE GONE!
THE ZIPPER'S BROKEN.
DARN THIS STUPID THING.
HEY,
UNPREDICTABLE GORILLA?
IF YOU HELP ME
WITH MY ZIPPER,
I'LL GIVE YOU
THIS SPARKLER.
HUH?
[SCREAMING]
[ROARING]
OH, NO!
SOMETHING HAPPENED
TO GWYNETH PALTROW.
LING-LING, YOU HAVE
TO TAKE HER PLACE
AS THE STAR!
HEY, UH, THANKS
FOR GIVING ME
ANOTHER SHOT.
NOW, ARE YOU SURE
YOU'RE FINISHED WITH
THAT CRAZY SPIDER GIRL?
BECAUSE I AM TOO CLASSY
TO BE THE SECOND WOMAN.
UNLESS, OF COURSE,
WE'RE HAVING A PISS ORGY.
DON'T WORRY,
SWEETHEART.
I CALLED AN EXTERMINATOR.
[GASP]
BOBA!
GOOD-BYE, OLD SOLDIER.
I WILL AVENGE YOU.
[CRYING]
CRUEL FATE.
YOU CAN'T DIE!
WE NEVER RODE THE BUS!
NOW, NOW,
I'VE LIVED A FULL LIFE.
I ONLY WISH THAT
BEFORE I GO,
I COULD--OH, NEVER MIND.
NO. WHAT IS IT,
DEAR NEMESIS?
YOU GAVE ME
THE GIFT OF WORDS.
I'LL DO ANYTHING!
WELL, SINCE YOU ASKED,
I'M A VILLAIN,
AND AS I PREPARE TO MOVE
INTO THE NEXT WORLD,
I MUST HAVE THE EVIL
WASHED FROM MY BODY.
WOOLDOOR GAVE YOU
A SPONGE BATH THIS MORNING.
BUT HE DIDN'T
CLEAN ALL OF ME,
AND IF--IF I'M
TO MEET MY MAKER,
MY ENTIRE BODY
MUST BE CLEANSED.
IT IS MY DYING WISH
FOR YOU TO FINISH THE JOB.
NOT...YOUR...BALLS!
OR IS HE?
I CAME TO SEE YOU PERFORM.
I WAS JUST JEALOUS.
I, TOO, ALWAYS WANTED
TO BE A DANCER
AS WELL, ALSO,
BUT I DIDN'T
HAVE THE TALENT.
SO I TORTURED YOU
RELENTLESSLY
UNTIL YOU BECAME
A SOCIOPATHIC KILLER,
CRUSHING YOUR DREAMS.
MY BAD.
GASH KNOW
LING-LING CAN DANCE...
WITH THESE!
LISTEN, CHARLOTTE.
I WANTED TO GET TOGETHER
SO WE COULD
TALK FACE TO FACE
AND PUT AND END
TO THIS NONSENSE.
I'M SO GLAD YOU CALLED!
I HAVE SOMETHING
WONDERFUL TO SHOW YOU.
TA-DA!
I'VE ALREADY STARTED
THINKING OF NAMES.
THERE'S MORDECHAI,
SHLOMO, AVI,
BRACHA,
SPIDER NUMBER 72--
SWEET MOTHER
OF ALL THAT'S HOLY!
AREN'T THEY BEAUTIFUL?
HA HA HA!
YEAH.
YEAH, THEY'RE PRECIOUS.
UH...YOU KNOW,
LET'S CELEBRATE
BY ORDERING A BIG FEAST.
MY BABIES!
YOU MONSTER.
I'M GONNA MAKE--
MMM...UH...
I'LL HAVE THE PORK CHOPS.
WHAT AM I TO DO?
MY NEMESIS TAUGHT ME TO READ,
BUT NOW,
HE WANTS ME TO WASH HIS BALLS,
AND I REALLY DON'T FEEL LIKE IT.
GOD, GIVE ME A SIGN.
[BAA BAA]
SO...WHAT DOES THAT MEAN,
EXACTLY?
OH, WELL, I GUESS IT'S UP TO ME
TO FIGURE THIS OUT,
THROUGH SONG.
♪ HOW CAN I FACE
THE SHRIVELED BALLS
OF MY DECREPIT NEMESIS? ♪
♪ I CAN SMELL THAT CROTCH
FROM HERE ♪
♪ THAT SACK HAS NOT BEEN CLEANED
IN YEARS ♪
♪ IT'S GOT TO BE DRENCHED
IN LAYERS OF SWEAT AND PISS ♪
♪ BUT HE TAUGHT ME HOW TO READ ♪
♪ AND THAT HAS OPENED UP
NEW WORLDS ♪
♪ STILL THAT STENCH ♪
♪ RANCID FLESH
SOAKED IN CROTCH JUICE,
PUS, AND ASS ♪
♪ GOOD GOD,
IT MAKES ME WANT TO HURL ♪
♪ BUT I CAN'T DENY HIM
HIS DENYING WISH ♪
♪ EVEN THOUGH
I SWEAR I'LL FAINT ♪
♪ IF I FIND
SOME ANCIENT DINGLEBERRY ♪
♪ STICKING TO HIS TAINT ♪
♪ BUT WAIT!
I MUST STAND FOR SOMETHING! ♪
♪ I'M A HERO, AFTER ALL ♪
♪ I MUST HAVE THE BALLS ♪
♪ TO FACE HIS NASTY, CADAVEROUS,
SPIDERY-PLUMED ♪
♪ RASHED-WITH-LICE-INFESTED,
LIMBURGER-SMELLING ♪
♪ RETCH-INDUCING BALLS ♪
♪ I'M A SINGLE GUY
IN MY 20s ♪
♪ AND MY SUNGLASSES
ARE STYLING ♪
♪ I SOMETIMES HANG
AT THE HOUSE ♪
♪ I'M STEVE FROM LONG ISLAND ♪
[APPLAUSE]
YOU'RE ON, KID.
[GASP]
REALLY?
THANK YOU, TOO, ALSO.
["U CAN'T TOUCH THIS" PLAYING]
♪ U CAN'T TOUCH THIS ♪
♪ U CAN'T TOUCH THIS... ♪
OH! FRANKIE MUNIZ
SUPPOSED TO BE...
[MUMBLING]
DOWN IN FRONT!
YEAH!
SIT DOWN, [BLEEP]
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
♪ LING-LING-- ♪
NO, LING-LING.
YOU'VE ESCAPED
THAT LIFE.
IF YOU BATTLE HIM,
YOU MAY NEVER ESCAPE IT
AGAIN AS WELL.
["U CAN'T TOUCH THIS" PLAYING]
CAPTAIN HERO,
I'M NOT MUCH LONGER
FOR THIS WORLD.
SHH.
SAVE YOUR STRENGTH.
AND PREPARE TO MEET
YOUR FOREFATHERS--
CLEANSED.
FOR I WILL WASH YOUR BALLS.
GOD BLESS YOU.
I'M ALLERGIC TO LATEX.
OF COURSE YOU ARE.
[GULP]
SUCTION.
[WHOOSH]
[WHIRRING]
VOILA!
♪ YOUR BALLS ARE CLEAN ♪
THEY CERTAINLY ARE!
HA HA HA!
ONCE AGAIN, I TRICKED
THE MIGHTY CAPTAIN HERO
INTO WASHING MY BALLS!
BUT THE CAR CRASH,
THE READING,
THE BUS SCHEDULE!
ALL PART OF MY FIENDISH PLOT,
AND YOU FELL FOR IT!
SO LONG, CAPTAIN HERO.
THANKS FOR THE CLEAN BALLS!
HA HA HA!
DAMN YOU, SCROTO!
HIS NAME IS SCROTO?
YES.
SO THAT'S WHAT
YOUR ARCHNEMESIS DOES?
YEP.
NO BANK ROBBERIES?
UH-UH.
OR BLOWING UP
THE PLANET?
NOPE.
HE JUST TRICKS SUPERHEROES
INTO WASHING HIS BALLS?
NOT ALL SUPERHEROES.
JUST ME. JUST ME.
WHAT A STRANGE,
STRANGE VILLAIN.
[SNIFFS]
GAY! DRINK!
[FARTING]